---
sidebar_position: 4
---
# Make a payment
When you are opening a payment link generated by the Tezos Payments, like this:
*<span>https</span>://payment.tezospayments.com/#00eyJpIjoiMHlnQWh3TVdIX2....*, you get to a prebuilt payment page hosted on the [payment.tezospayments.com](https://payment.tezospayments.com) domain.

:::caution

Be careful! All payment links issued through Tezos Payments always start with https://payment.tezospayments.com/  
If the first part of a payment link consists of at least one another symbol, it’s a fake link, don’t open it! 

:::

You will pay the payment on this page, but first, you need to have a Tezos account.  
If you don’t have one, please create it using one of the most popular wallets, e.g., [Temple](https://templewallet.com), [Kukai](https://wallet.kukai.app).  
If you already have it, you can pay payments.

1. Check the payment information, check the payment sender, verify its name, links. Verify the amount and currency of the payment. If everything is good, go to the next step, otherwise close the page, and contact the payment sender.
2. Click **Pay**.
3. Choose the wallet that you are using.
4. In your wallet, click **Connect** / **Approve** / **Confirm**.

Once you approve the connection, the balance check will begin. After that, three options may occur:
1. You have enough funds to pay the payment.
2. You don’t have enough amount of the target currency to pay the payment, but you have other funds that can be converted to the target currency.
3. You don’t have enough amount of the target currency to pay the payment, and you have no other funds that can be converted to the target currency.

If you chose a different account, click **Reconnect** to select the needed account.

### Enough funds
In this case, after the balance checking, your wallet will prompt you to confirm a payment operation. Confirm the operation, and the payment will be made after a couple of minutes.

### Not enough target, but you can use other tokens by converting
In this case, after the balance checking, you will be prompted to convert your others tokens to target tokens using the [QuipuSwap](https://quipuswap.com), Tezos DEX.

1. Select a token you want to swap.
2. Verify exchange rate.
3. Click **Swap and Pay.**
4. Your wallet will prompt you to confirm a batch of payment operations. Confirm it, and the payment will be made after a couple of minutes.

### Not enough funds
In this case, you need to buy target tokens or reconnect to another account.
